Explore/Logs: Improve and add descriptions of Explore's Escape newlines feature (#46709)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/explore/logs-integration.md

Each log row has an extendable area with its labels and detected fields, for more robust interaction. For all labels we have added the ability to filter for (positive filter) and filter out (negative filter) selected labels. Each field or label also has a stats icon to display ad-hoc statistics in relation to all displayed logs.

### Escaping newlines

> **Note:** Available in Grafana 7.5 and later versions.

> Explore can automatically detect and attempt to fix incorrectly escaped sequences in log lines, such as newlines (`\n`, `\r`) or tabs (`\t`). This feature appears only when Explore detects incorrectly escaped sequences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explore can automatically detect and attempt to fix incorrectly escaped sequences in log lines, such as newlines (`\n`, `\r`) or tabs (`\t`). 
```

Author: This feature won't be visible in many circumstances. I'm concerned that omitting the conditional nature (and concerns about reliability that led to calling it "experimental") could confuse users who expect it to be visible. Is there a better way to emphasize this?

Reviewer: How about "The "Escape newlines" option is available only when Explore detects incorrectly escaped sequences."

Reviewer: Also, this capability is probably no longer "experimental". Might be worth it to find out more.

Author: > Also, this capability is probably no longer "experimental". Might be worth it to find out more.

The linked issue has some discussion about this. "Experimental" here referred to the relative reliability of detection and replacement, not the supportability of the feature.

> I would actually remove the note "Available in Grafana 7.5 and later versions".

👍🏻

> 1. Click the "Escape newlines" button to fix incorrectly escaped sequences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the "Escape newlines" option to fix incorrectly escaped sequences.
```

> 2. Manually review the replacements to confirm that the detection and replacement were correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Manually review the replacements to confirm that the detection and replacement are correct.
```

> 3. To revert the replacements, click "Remove escaping".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If you need to revert the replacements, then click "Remove escaping".
```

Author: Reverting should be a separate (if one-step) task, and this should also mention that the option changes, so I'll rewrite.

Each log row has an extendable area with its labels and detected fields, for more robust interaction. For all labels we have added the ability to filter for (positive filter) and filter out (negative filter) selected labels. Each field or label also has a stats icon to display ad-hoc statistics in relation to all displayed logs.

### Escaping newlines

Explore automatically detects some incorrectly escaped sequences in log lines, such as newlines (`\n`, `\r`) or tabs (`\t`). When it detects such sequences, Explore provides an "Escape newlines" option.

To automatically fix detected incorrectly escaped sequences:

1. Click "Escape newlines" to replace the sequences.
2. Manually review the replacements to confirm their correctness.

> After replacing these sequences, Explore changes the option from "Escape newlines" to "Remove escaping". Clicking this option reverts the replacements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to revert the replacements, then click the "Remove escaping" option.
```

Author: Because this involves a UI element changing, and not two separate UI elements, the "Remove escaping" option won't always be visible. This suggestion would mean the conditions for that UI element's presence won't be documented. Is this intended?

Reviewer 2: I've added an edit to see if we can make that more clear.

> After replacing these sequences, Explore changes the option from "Escape newlines" to "Remove escaping". Clicking this option reverts the replacements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 Explore replaces these sequences. When it does so, the option will change from "Escape newlines" to "Remove escaping". Evaluate the changes as the parsing may not be accurate based on the input received. You can revert the replacements by clicking "Remove escaping".
```

Author: Removed an extraneous leading space before committing. Thank you!
